Dawn Abriel: It is January 30 2020
Dawn Abriel: And with any luck, this will be the intake for Danielle Roja R O H. A.
Dawn Abriel: And I'm hoping partway through will be joined by going to view our brielle so she can assess whether or not this in lady is appropriate to the program.
Dawn Abriel: But just write down
Dawn Abriel: The questions that go into your ass and this young lady's responses.
Dawn Abriel: But you can only build for my encounter.
Dawn Abriel: Hi, are you Danielle.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: I'm Dr brielle
Dawn Abriel: And hi
Dawn Abriel: And and the therapist one of your might be joining us. It's sort of depends on on her schedule so
Dawn Abriel: I was reading over the some of the forms that you filled out and I think I need to understand a little more what it is that you're hoping to get out of being in a treatment program.
Danielle Roha: That's court order.
Dawn Abriel: So what would you like, what, what
Danielle Roha: Are you hoping for. And what I'm being treated for, I don't know really explain this to me yet so
Dawn Abriel: What were you in court for
Danielle Roha: Um, I had gotten dob why this is part of the
Danielle Roha: Smoking. So I'm not sure if I have to stop smoking.
Dawn Abriel: Cigarettes.
Danielle Roha: I don't know. It didn't specify. I have a prescription for we've and as time
Dawn Abriel: Right yeah and and again if you had a magic wand and you could do something that you want from a treatment program, what would that be
Danielle Roha: But just because it's mandatory. I don't think I need a treatment program I'm content with my smoking. Smoking for years.
Danielle Roha: I quit. What I need to, or if I'm forced to if I don't know if I'm forced to. Now, if that's true, that's fine. I'll pray for to spoken as soon as my
Danielle Roha: hunch minutes over.
Dawn Abriel: Haha. So as far as you're concerned, this whole thing is punishment.
Danielle Roha: Well, well, yes. Um, and understand it was like an alcohol education class or
Danielle Roha: I don't know. I don't know what the smoke okay if I quit smoking, that's fine.
Dawn Abriel: Did you quit smoking with your pregnancies.
Danielle Roha: Oh, no.
Danielle Roha: I cut down like have a bad day.
Danielle Roha: perfectly healthy children.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever known anyone to go through treatment.
I
Dawn Abriel: talked to my dad that would make that would make a really big difference. If you've never known anyone who benefited from it, then you're probably wondering
Dawn Abriel: what the possibilities are
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Let's, let's just go through the kind of medical stuff that I need to and
Dawn Abriel: Will decide which group to put you in
Dawn Abriel: Most of the groups, you know, addiction is
Danielle Roha: The same
For cigarettes.
Dawn Abriel: Pardon.
Danielle Roha: This was for cigarettes. I wasn't clear. He asked for different people. No one likes answer directly
Dawn Abriel: Well, addiction is addiction it you know you can use this to stop smoking. You can use it to
Dawn Abriel: Cut down on the marijuana. You can use it to understand what was behind your alcohol use, so it's
Danielle Roha: Good to know. And I made a mistake and I'm willing to do whatever the court orders from a for clarity.
Danielle Roha: I don't know. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you've never been to therapy before
Danielle Roha: Yes, I'm bipolar I don't really like therapy.
Danielle Roha: Under much of a talker. Uh huh.
Dawn Abriel: So therapy is different than being with the psychiatrist right i psychiatry gives you medicine X ask you a few questions.
Dawn Abriel: And and then you're out the door.
Dawn Abriel: Basically right so that's not therapy.
Danielle Roha: Yes, I'm fully aware they do have therapists in addition to psychiatrists, which you have to see before you go see a psychiatrist.
Danielle Roha: Gotcha. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And and in that person you're you are continuing to see
Danielle Roha: You're going to fill that need help. This
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh. So part of the treatment program is
Dawn Abriel: To be seeing the therapist once a week, not, not in place of the psychiatry. So you would still continue to see the psychiatrist for for the medicines that you need.
Dawn Abriel: But the therapist is that person who would
Dawn Abriel: Answer any questions that you have about what's going on in your life. That's not exactly going as smoothly as you wish it would
Dawn Abriel: That make sense, yes. Do you have any of those
Danielle Roha: No, I'm in school in my own home. I have three children. They're doing great school
Danielle Roha: I made a bad decision. I'm being punished for it. I understand that and nor my mistake was
Danielle Roha: I went ahead and got rid of my car to push myself further
Oh my goodness.
Danielle Roha: Well, but I did was wrong. So why not get rid of punishment buffalo, but for and where I should have been actually
Well,
Dawn Abriel: Um,
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I don't have a judgment.
Dawn Abriel: About that you did what you thought you had to do and
Dawn Abriel: You know I'm way way way a lot older than you, and I know I have made a lot of mistakes. I look back and think. Boy, I wish I hadn't done that.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Most of them. I learned something from. And my hope is that once you see the value of being with us. It will feel less like punishment and more like an opportunity to
Dawn Abriel: Create a social environment that you get to really feel empowered by being around
Danielle Roha: Okay, I don't have. So after the group therapy. I'm not really my person just personality was
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you have to do group and you have to schedule. That's what that that's the nature of this program once a week group once a week individual
Danielle Roha: For how long
Dawn Abriel: Until the therapy best and the court decide that you have gotten everything you can out of it. So it's really
Dawn Abriel: It's really about attitude right. The attitude of
Dawn Abriel: This is horrible. I don't need it.
Dawn Abriel: That's going to reflect that's going to show
Dawn Abriel: If your attitude is
Dawn Abriel: I'd like to see if there's anybody
Danielle Roha: Perfectly fine I can use a nicotine patch if they allow that other I don't mind not smoking. I took my son to Europe last year for an entire month didn't smoke. So it's too much of an inconvenience at airports and Twitter and all that.
Danielle Roha: I don't want to help just but I do intend to resume when my probation is over, or what my therapy or one or more strict
Dawn Abriel: Because you don't see any benefit to not smoking.
Danielle Roha: I've had this discussion with my doctor before plenty of times. Plenty of people. I like smoking, it's a lot to do with legal readily available.
Right.
Dawn Abriel: But there are no advantages to quitting.
Danielle Roha: Know, really.
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh.
Danielle Roha: I can see. I don't know. I enjoy it. So I don't see why she enjoys right. I don't want to have
Danielle Roha: A long
Dawn Abriel: long have you been smoking.
Danielle Roha: I don't know 20 years
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you already have a cough.
Dawn Abriel: I just heard it. Yeah.
Danielle Roha: Yeah, it's cold winter.
Dawn Abriel: That kind of car that you just had that to smoke rescore
Danielle Roha: That I have as well. Yes. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, well, look, I'm not here. I'm not here to talk you into any of this.
Dawn Abriel: I'm following the court.
Dawn Abriel: Order you're following the courts order so
Dawn Abriel: Let's just go through the history part and
Dawn Abriel: Then we can decide what to do next. So because it was a DUI. I noticed on the right of you said that the last time you used alcohol was in July. Yeah.
Danielle Roha: 29 yeah I'm not allowed to have a call during my provision.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And were you ever a heavy drinker.
Danielle Roha: Maybe a college binge drinker, at least.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And how old were you when you first started
Danielle Roha: Well, I don't know.
Danielle Roha: It's not a continual everyday thing I drink socially my family were big drinkers, like, give me a call when I was like 12 okay
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: So this is more of a question for people who use other drugs, but did you find yourself needing more and more and becoming dependent on it.
No.
I'll see patient denies
Danielle Roha: Right even cigarettes I smoke after that today.
Dawn Abriel: Any overdoses.
Dawn Abriel: In history of medical problems because of
Danielle Roha: None whatsoever.
No history of overdose medical complications and
Dawn Abriel: legal issue related to
Us.
Dawn Abriel: And that is to net was in July.
Danielle Roha: If know the 28 live
All right.
Dawn Abriel: And this is not an issue you did not spend a lot of time getting drug say not issue.
Dawn Abriel: Did, did your alcohol use ever get in the way of relationships or work.
Danielle Roha: Know what right
Danielle Roha: Never been fired
Danielle Roha: That's wonderful.
Dawn Abriel: What kind of work you do.
Danielle Roha: Housekeeper and I have worked at hotels during housekeeping.
Danielle Roha: Mostly
Dawn Abriel: You said you were diagnosed as bipolar what
Dawn Abriel: What year were you diagnosed
Danielle Roha: I have no idea for like 10 years ago.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: 2010 and where you put on medicine.
Danielle Roha: Know they asked me if I wanted it didn't.
Danielle Roha: And are you now huh
Danielle Roha: Yeah you now and
Dawn Abriel: What are you on
Danielle Roha: Little Paxil lorazepam and the spirit.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'll ask you those again when I get to the medicine section. I'm just going to say
Danielle Roha: Bye to they asked for those the beginning
Dawn Abriel: Oh, okay. Maybe that's somewhere in your chart. It's not in
Dawn Abriel: The place where I have access. Have you ever been hospitalized for mental illness.
No, no.
Dawn Abriel: And what would you say your stress level is like right now.
Danielle Roha: What kind of scale really
Dawn Abriel: Low, medium, high
Low
Dawn Abriel: And what do you think your self esteem is like low, medium, or high
Danielle Roha: I'm surprised my ego fits in the house.
Dawn Abriel: I'll say very high
Dawn Abriel: Alright, so, um, the medical history. It's a whole bunch of questions. Just stop if any of them apply to you. Okay, first of all, do you know what your blood type is
Danielle Roha: Why, if it's necessary.
Dawn Abriel: Because I'm a medical doctor and I need to do a medical history.
Danielle Roha: Okay, a positive
Right.
Dawn Abriel: Most people don't even know.
Danielle Roha: If you have children, they tell you every time it's mostly not paying attention, I guess.
Dawn Abriel: I think that's partly it. And how old were you when you were first diagnosed with asthma.
Danielle Roha: Interested in August.
Dawn Abriel: How often does it flare up
Danielle Roha: I've never noticed I just I can't like he's calling it asthma to give me the inhaler. And then I have to go for a chest x ray
Dawn Abriel: I see. Okay. All right. So, um, any
Dawn Abriel: head trauma any I ear, nose or throat. No other breathing problems, you don't have COPD or bronchitis or frequent pneumonias you don't have problems with muscles joints bones know arthritis, you don't have thyroid problems, diabetes, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted
Dawn Abriel: Hypo. Okay. And when were you diagnosed with that.
Danielle Roha: A 2014. All right.
And
Dawn Abriel: And you've never tested positive for tuberculosis.
Danielle Roha: No.
Dawn Abriel: No seizures headaches. Migraines stroke no new moles or rashes.
Dawn Abriel: You don't have cirrhosis, you don't have gallbladder disease hemorrhoids hepatitis ulcers.
Danielle Roha: The all know what the diagnosis. There's something wrong with my gallbladder it flares up when I eat a bunch of cheese.
Danielle Roha: Yep.
Dawn Abriel: And you wear glasses and is that for nearsighted or farsighted.
Danielle Roha: I'm near sighted, I was mixed up. I can only say close
Danielle Roha: I do too.
Dawn Abriel: I do too.
Dawn Abriel: So, um, any allergic.
Dawn Abriel: Chronic allergic problems or sinus infections.
Dawn Abriel: never had any. That's great. Boy, I never have either, but people sure look miserable with them.
Dawn Abriel: Dentures know you weren't born with a heart murmur, you don't have high blood pressure, blood clots.
Danielle Roha: Yes, I have a
Danielle Roha: heart murmur and a half blood pressure.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so here is my, this is going to veer she's a therapist.
Dawn Abriel: She will probably be the therapist that you'll be working with. So
Dawn Abriel: I've got a weird notice come up. Hold on, you guys. If you want to keep this meeting open please assign another host before you click
My say cancel there. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So let me just do a little bit more going on here. And then I'll be done with this part and then you can go for it. So you have high blood like
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what let me know and I'll come back.
Dawn Abriel: Just really two more minutes. And I can wait.
Dawn Abriel: You have high blood pressure and you were born with a murmur.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And bladder and kidney work normally
Dawn Abriel: Yes, any depression with your bipolar. Is that a big feature of it.
Danielle Roha: It's a major feature. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. For some people it's the mania, some people, it's the the depression, so
Dawn Abriel: Any, any hallucinations or delusions know any suicidal thoughts or attempts
Danielle Roha: Nope, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Anything that you have that I haven't asked you about
Dawn Abriel: Okey doke. Then I will let Glenn have your do
Dawn Abriel: Her part and then we'll get on with the rest of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Hi.
Danielle Roha: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just jumping in here too.
Gwenevere Abriel: I understood. There was a little bit of maybe not wanting to kind of maybe do the program. I'm not. I'm kind of out of the loop.
Danielle Roha: It's court ordered it says for smoking. I don't know if I'm court order to quit smoking Coleman
Danielle Roha: I don't know what I'm supposed to be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I real quick I before I jumped on here. I wanted to see
Gwenevere Abriel: To see if you hit signed a Deferred Prosecution Agreement. Do you know if you've signed that
Danielle Roha: A plea deal. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, okay, sounds kind of like that. But it's a really specific document. Now I'm in Florida. So documents are a little different, depending on the solution court that you're in, etc, etc, etc, your basic understanding of what you just sign. What's your basic understanding of it.
Danielle Roha: Um, we agreed. I do community service fines, court costs DWI school and then it says, actually the paper right there says alcohol education classes or alcohol treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you were, were you under the influence of alcohol and marijuana just spend those and alcohol or like, what was the combo going on there.
Danielle Roha: It was a DUI direct at the opera.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, and I saw a little something that your primary care physician is a doctor dia's
Danielle Roha: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how long you been seeing him.
Danielle Roha: Um, since around August I believe I just switched over from Presbyterian okay to loveless so
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's your primary care. Yeah. Is he the one prescribing benzodiazepine to you.
Danielle Roha: Know that's from a psychiatrist it via del Sol
Danielle Roha: That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's the provider there. What's the doctor or
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No idea.
Danielle Roha: Where to faces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh ok ok ok oh
Gwenevere Abriel: And how long do you, how long have you been going to via del Sol
Danielle Roha: Oh, my goal. There would have already helped stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and years months.
Danielle Roha: And I first started going there and
Danielle Roha: 2010 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't remember the psychiatrists name. It's just you go and do they switch you up like move you from one person to another.
Danielle Roha: Yeah, just whoever's available. You go to the fair the counselors and then if you need meds. They stop. You went with a psychiatrist.
Danielle Roha: Therapist, the talks to you then prescribe. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you've been seeing someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Ongoing yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: The medication for medication. And what about you know how you mentioned know there is a counselor there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any chance you were seeing someone regularly just to talk about thoughts, feelings. History
Danielle Roha: Behavior.
Danielle Roha: I don't like talking. Hey,
Danielle Roha: Yeah, I don't know, I'm not a believer, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not a believer
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the psychological
Danielle Roha: Stop. That's like you kind of need to want the help nerve for it to work, in my opinion, I don't know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It takes a while for it to work. You're saying
Danielle Roha: No, I said, you kind of need a want the help volume interest, then it's not really
Gwenevere Abriel: You want
Gwenevere Abriel: You gotta want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: For it to work. Okay. And, but you did mention a counselor. So I'm guessing you tell me if you get your little toe in it. Did you try and talk with some person. And it was like man didn't really
Work.
Danielle Roha: Her quite a few times just not regularly. Okay, what it was irritating. So I just
Gwenevere Abriel: It was irritating.
Danielle Roha: Because it can ruin my day. So what's the whole point. Like, that seems kind of pessimistic intentionally router all day.
Danielle Roha: Oh, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me guess what was happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe she I'm assuming it was a female right we
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to talk about the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right
Danielle Roha: No, just that, that that's what you do with therapy is one of those kind of expected when you go, which is kind of like why live in the past, I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's let's live in the moment, things are working for you now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense. I get that. And you said here and there. So maybe what like 510 times since 2010
Danielle Roha: What are you thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times do you think you've seen her. About five or 10 times
Danielle Roha: Or something like that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you got irritated.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were diagnosed with
Gwenevere Abriel: Bipolar disorder where you a teenager, at the time, we are an adult. Like, when was the diagnosis.
Danielle Roha: Or watch the 2010
Danielle Roha: My one
Gwenevere Abriel: I by validus whole like those guys did it.
Danielle Roha: More yeah somewhere around there and it was too late 2008. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you look up that diagnosis, did you kind of go, Man, that's not me that or. Yeah. Boy, that sounds like me.
Danielle Roha: looked it up. Make sense of a little biopsy bipolar basically every female and my dad was bipolar. Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And I saw a little something something on. I don't know whether it was paternal side that also had a history. Maybe it was paternal like dad side has some schizophrenia. Did I read that right or no.
Danielle Roha: Oh yeah, both sides, but they're all heavy mathematics. And yeah, so no one knows there's too much math for
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Danielle Roha: Like always. Currently, or that this happened or yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what's the ideology here. And then I also saw a little something that your mother had a history of Matthew's. Does that sound like I read that right. Yes.
Danielle Roha: Though
Danielle Roha: Was that fantastic teeth 30 years of Matthew, so. She has her
Gwenevere Abriel: Whole
Danielle Roha: Know her my brother both. I'm like, what, what do you slept teeth like I understood
Danielle Roha: Dr. Pepper much
Gwenevere Abriel: That is that is strong and animal. Okay, so, um, got that. And so you do get a sense that you're being ordered to get treatment, but your understanding is it's for smoking cessation.
Danielle Roha: Well yeah actually have the recommendations here it says to quit smoking, and something about understanding isolation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I saw that, too. I think it's what Dr Arielle I saw what you wrote, Doc, I wonder, she's referring to that.
Danielle Roha: helps us stay in alcohol sobriety. That's one of the recommendations. Okay, they forgive me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So my question kind of has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanting to help right if help is
Danielle Roha: Having to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Like if you like the alcohol, then it's going to be kind of hard to like want help with help includes not drinking. Right.
Danielle Roha: My probation includes does drinking. So I don't drink. Did I just me. I don't mind, okay, I understand, but it's something wrong.
Danielle Roha: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it turns out that part of what's being asked of you is that you you meet with me or someone
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking it's going to be me and we talk about the things that you want to talk about, do you have an idea like let's say it's not about the past. Let's say it's about
Gwenevere Abriel: interpersonal issues like sometimes I'm a marriage and family therapist. That's my formal training works long time with substance use. So really drawn to the population.
Gwenevere Abriel: But sometimes it's useful to sort of say, well, now I want my relationships to improve, you know, and that's where people are presenting. It's not so much about substance about the alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's about like I want. I want to feel good in my relationship. Is that something that you think you would be able to work on it wouldn't be as irritating.
Danielle Roha: I'm finding my relationships. Most of my family. I cut off because they're drug addicts didn't want to be with my children.
Danielle Roha: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Okay. And, oh, that's cool. Um, tell me about your kids. How old are they, is it a bit easier.
Danielle Roha: Oh, it's a wide variety. See, we just have birthdays. There's one coming up will be 13 and four okay and you
Gwenevere Abriel: They all live in with yeah yeah how delicious.
Modified
Gwenevere Abriel: It depends on the day.
Danielle Roha: Two Boys and a girl. The girls right in the middle. So it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Like God
Gwenevere Abriel: Me and and I bet you could say there is a difference. You've heard people say there's no difference. But now you know there's a difference between temperaments between girls and boys.
Danielle Roha: Although I couldn't hear up getting a phone call.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was saying, do you, I bet you know firsthand that there's a difference between the temperaments between a girl and boy.
Danielle Roha: Oh, definitely. Yeah. Boys are very calm and straight to the point. Girls like so much more story that you need to
Gwenevere Abriel: They've got they've got all the words. And what I noticed anyway. And I didn't hear you say that the boys have a lot more energy like there's a harder time sort of sitting still, you don't see that with them.
Danielle Roha: My oldest is very calm very mature for his age, my youngest he's for but constantly go and he's basically nocturnal, which will throw everybody else's schedule for a loop because he wasn't dance all night and go to sleep when the sun comes up is that we were born and it's
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: This agreement that you signed. Did they say how long they want you to participate in I guess they're calling it to address the isolation that may contribute to the
Danielle Roha: Yoga, that when I guess they require the assessment and and they have to go by whatever the recommendation place that's up to you guys. I don't know.
Danielle Roha: No one's out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I guess what I'm wondering is the snacks are not saying I should not take exam. It's like the old man. Right.
Danielle Roha: Rather than another.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's
Gwenevere Abriel: The same sort of effects. Right. So we got, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you were taking that and then
Danielle Roha: I'm taking the recipe.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as a PM. Yes, yes. Both of benzodiazepines, I kind of skip all the fancy talk and go
Danielle Roha: Santos
Gwenevere Abriel: I can be more precise, um, so that one and then also marijuana right you take that on a regular basis. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is that Treating. What's that
Danielle Roha: Like for PTSD. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So both of them really their intent is to treat anxiety symptoms. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you were drinking. What, what do you think that was for
Gwenevere Abriel: Recently anyway.
Danielle Roha: I was on a date and I went to the opera and we had a drink.
Danielle Roha: I don't know, it's a normal social function.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is socially right a lot of lot of alcohol around when we're drinking and eating and going out, it's often combined with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much of the enterprise Alam are you taking. What's the dose.
Danielle Roha: Flow recipe. I think it's five milligrams. I don't take it regularly like
Gwenevere Abriel: five milligrams
Danielle Roha: I don't maybe one milligram. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look at it. That's a
Danielle Roha: Big difference, all of my setup. I don't know how this thing's just just work. Give me one second. Tonight. Well, this if I minimize it. I did. I will Walmart that has all my records on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I go for it.
Danielle Roha: Don't
Dawn Abriel: always come back in. If you get kicked off.
Danielle Roha: Wal Mart pharmacy up. Yay.
Danielle Roha: Okay, it's one milligram. Okay. That surprised me.
Dawn Abriel: And the Lamictal. How much of the middle
I'm
Danielle Roha: Sorry closer
Dawn Abriel: While you're there. Let's go ahead and just do the medicines.
Danielle Roha: little trick name 100 milligrams
Gotcha. What else
Danielle Roha: Oh, the rest of my medications.
Danielle Roha: Yeah, the beta
Danielle Roha: For blood pressure 200 milligrams twice a day. Gotcha.
Danielle Roha: Level day Roxanne 25 micrograms.
Danielle Roha: Occasionally, I'm on Letrozole or
Danielle Roha: Endometriosis that to regulate my cycles.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Five 510 milligram tablets. Do you know
Danielle Roha: About the letters. Oh 2.5
Dawn Abriel: I take it with them. This
Model was
Danielle Roha: Gotcha. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And I'm sorry. You said one more thing.
Than one mentally right
Dawn Abriel: Next PRN
Danielle Roha: But don't know what that means.
Dawn Abriel: Well, I'm sorry. That means you take it whenever you need it. Yes.
Danielle Roha: Approximately 20 milligrams
Okay, hold on.
Oh,
Dawn Abriel: How do you spell perplexity.
Danielle Roha: Pa R x at me.
Danielle Roha: Just are there it is.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I'm I was trying to spell it with two A's.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me the dose again.
Danielle Roha: 20 milligrams 20. Gotcha.
Danielle Roha: And then the beast.
Danielle Roha: To know them.
Dawn Abriel: How long have you been on that.
Danielle Roha: Experience of August. It's mostly for my teeth grinding works fantastic
Dawn Abriel: Yeah and you know you'll find cutting down the tobacco. This is a medicine. I often give to people who are
Dawn Abriel: cutting back on smoking.
Danielle Roha: Well, it doesn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe now that you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe now that you know it'll work. I don't know.
Dawn Abriel: All right. Thank you.
Danielle Roha: Anyone else are you going to be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just a couple questions just about
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you started drinking maybe as early as age 11 and is that right
Danielle Roha: Oh my god.
And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Ended that a sort of use and it was 2021 something around there.
Danielle Roha: No, I took off from home when I was 1314 took off. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you kept drinking
Danielle Roha: start drinking again in college.
Danielle Roha: For about 1890. Yes. Okay. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Danielle Roha: When I got pregnant. So I didn't drink during my pregnancy or for the realtor and
Danielle Roha: Put it on my calendar. Every time I had to drink. Good enough. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This can be a little nerve wracking. So, you're doing great, you know, having people kind of get up in your business, you know,
Danielle Roha: Horrible time and look a linear aspect.
Danielle Roha: Today means everything, everything in the past was yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in the moment. Cool. Um, so these questions will will be dipping and it's only four of them 124. So did you yourself even even sense, maybe between that 11 and 19. Did you ever sort of think
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to cut back
Danielle Roha: No, I can't tolerate very much the alcohol. So don't break very much anyway, so I don't drop the seed.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do drink till you're drunk or I don't
Danielle Roha: Know, no. I used to drink a lot more when I was a teenager.
Danielle Roha: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And. Did anyone ever say growing it cut back
Danielle Roha: Um, yeah, I guess, maybe. Okay.
I'm
Danielle Roha: Mostly teachers. Typically you're late for class like just come up stuck. Where do you like, well, do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so they got through to you, there must have been a few that you kind of connected with and respected.
Danielle Roha: So I like my biology teacher, she was trying to push due dates and stuff. And she was great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you ever do something that you ended up feeling a little guilty about it when you were drinking that you regretted
Danielle Roha: My daughter's dead. Haha just kidding.
Danielle Roha: I'm
Danielle Roha: Really big on regret. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well yeah cuz you're not living in the past. Right.
Danielle Roha: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just checking to see if you felt guilty about any of the drinking just
Danielle Roha: non violence. So there's nothing really there to worry about.
Gwenevere Abriel: And was there ever a time even between you know 11 and maybe 19 or something or, you know, anytime where you kind of felt yourself like needing an eye opener in the morning.
Danielle Roha: What does that mean like drinking in the morning.
Danielle Roha: Haha, like in the morning. No, I can't even drink and eat at the same time. It's one or the other.
Danielle Roha: Because it all tastes horrible, like what's the liquor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alcohol to you taste horrible.
Yeah.
Danielle Roha: It doesn't have to everyone. That's why they have concerns and mixed drinks and
Gwenevere Abriel: So at its worst, let's say, at the most, that you were ever drinking, was it in college was that more of a heavier time
Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: So added at the most. And it's not uncommon for people to drink a lot more during college
Gwenevere Abriel: Degree. Did you ever pass out any blackout. History
Gwenevere Abriel: At the at the most.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you passed out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, I don't know. I was passed out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, not that, you know, have
Gwenevere Abriel: No, not the most how much were you drinking. Would you say
Danielle Roha: In college,
Danielle Roha: I'm what five to so I can't really my body can take much alcohol. Oh, oh no, just drink at a party eight beers, maybe. Well, thank you, of course, the night years
Gwenevere Abriel: And any shots with those of the party.
Danielle Roha: I'm not a big fan of shots know
Danielle Roha: They burn media.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at eight years, what would happen on a typical night if you are drinking eight years. How about that. And I go,
Danielle Roha: Oh party.
Danielle Roha: Don't know then go home, go to sleep. Go to work in the morning.
Danielle Roha: Go to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes a little late.
Danielle Roha: Everything. Oh, I'll be oh yeah
Danielle Roha: being late.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time, though.
Danielle Roha: It looks like consistent, though.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be curious to take a look at what the agreement is I didn't happen to see it in the record, but I just want to say it was nice to talk with you and I know having us knows around
Gwenevere Abriel: Your
Danielle Roha: Home adjusting
Gwenevere Abriel: And where were you going to go to the DUI school
Danielle Roha: Oh, I already did that. Two months ago, two months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the community service.
Danielle Roha: That has to wait for him a court costs and currently on house arrest pay for that as well. I have like $350 in income per month. So this is basically all my
Danielle Roha: So, yeah, yeah.
Danielle Roha: So, okay.
Danielle Roha: That'll be done in Los Lunas with the city managers. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said with the city manager, the community service might be done with them.
Danielle Roha: Well yeah, I already said it up to them well might have to wait for days where I don't actually have a scheduled for my children are getting picked up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember a few sign any kind of release to communicate with Dr. Freddy vs. If you didn't, that's fine. I'm just curious if it's sitting in the
Danielle Roha: Room. I have what like five pitch that I found yesterday to the informed consent and there was one for the relief to the probation officer. Okay.
Danielle Roha: And then release.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wondering if there's one for via del Sol as well, since that you know that's one of your treatment providers. I wonder if it's in there. I'm
Dawn Abriel: Going to hear. I think it, it was more generic finance it was medical
Dawn Abriel: People who are involved in her medical care.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm curious, Danielle. Do you mentioned Los Lunas don't you live in Los Alamos
Danielle Roha: Know that's like two hour and a half hours away Yang.
Dawn Abriel: In Berlin. So the opera that this was adjudicated in Los Alamos because
Danielle Roha: Those
Dawn Abriel: Are you. Gotcha. Okey doke. Wow, what a drag
Yeah.
Danielle Roha: long ways, not much to look out in the desert.
Danielle Roha: Not until you get into Los Alamos, and there's lots to look at. Right.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this your first
Gwenevere Abriel: Arrest
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it is ok you know it was like in there in jail hungry in there for hours.
Danielle Roha: It was just a few hours, nine hours overnight. It was the only one in there. Oh.
Danielle Roha: That's nice.
Too.
Danielle Roha: Good morning, which I found interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that was interesting.
Danielle Roha: I was released on a Sunday morning. I didn't know that, did that.
Danielle Roha: Interesting.
Danielle Roha: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Usually, don't they hold you over till Monday. That's what I always heard
Danielle Roha: Or thought so. But I guess I don't think they have a female staff so they called the judge or emailed her so we have to put in there.
Dawn Abriel: Right, right.
Danielle Roha: This meal center that have my room with the next day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how I'm just curious regarding the alcohol and how are they testing you for that.
Danielle Roha: But you urine tests. I guess the test for up to 48 hours or something. I'm not sure the to the regular drug panel and then the alcohol, stick with a dependency.
Dawn Abriel: Ah, right. Right. Do you get yourself to
Gwenevere Abriel: A lab to do it.
Danielle Roha: That's when they have to go up me my probation officer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, I'm in Florida, so I I don't know where the probation offices. If it's like right in with the quarter.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it hurt her probation officer and the judge are their offices are side by side. I was just up there. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get random drug screens. Do they like give you a code, you have to call it in every day. Like how did they get you
Danielle Roha: They told me to go up there and then the watch up
Gwenevere Abriel: So you just get a call.
Danielle Roha: Yeah, okay. You don't have a great day okay yeah I check in with emails IPO once every week, once every two weeks.
Dawn Abriel: And I think going to here we we made the agreement that she wouldn't have to do the bright heart health ones, since she gets so many of these that are court ordered and they're going to fax those results over to us since they're observed in random, you know, they're really much more
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. That way, Danielle. We're not asking you to repeat. I mean, it's not that big a deal because ours are mailed to you and you do them in your home and you just hold it up to the screen. The results and but
Danielle Roha: This way, it's more more
Dawn Abriel: Just one less thing you have to do.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we were to work together. Right now you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're staying at home like what does a typical day look like for you.
Danielle Roha: Well, currently I'm in house arrest, so
Danielle Roha: I can't leave my home.
Danielle Roha: I don't generally I like it here. I do online school I'm doing to deploy programs for medical transcription and medical coding
Gwenevere Abriel: And is it a set time where you're kind of limited you couldn't. Let's say me with me during a particular time of day or
Danielle Roha: You know, sometimes for tests. So that just kind of pops up. But I'll tell me with events when I have a test, but the rest is just one of these are doing the movie night.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you have any help with childcare.
Danielle Roha: I still want my kids when they go to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your little one.
Danielle Roha: He told me he's two weeks past the cutoff date for school for preschool this year so
Gwenevere Abriel: It was we were to be he would probably be kind of hanging out with. Yeah, yeah.
Probably
Danielle Roha: You bought them making the count them.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, I personally would like to work with you. So let's talk and I will talk a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there anything you notice about what happened in here today that seemed a little different though than what maybe this other
Gwenevere Abriel: therapists that you are me meeting with it via del Sol. Did it seem a little different.
Danielle Roha: Nothing else is pretty much the same. I did to substance abuse assessments, basically. Same person on the phone doesn't seem to matter much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Familiar with the online experience. I mean, this is like
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's great for you.
Danielle Roha: I'm a bit of a lot. I'm not a big fan of technology. I prefer paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe not. I got you.
Danielle Roha: I don't really know how to use most technology all the kids to help me by phone with, I don't know what to do. So I should avoid those the buttons.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you take your tests online right you're doing that part.
Danielle Roha: Simple, like other than simple like here, put this, you're not gonna get much more than me, like, I don't know how to make a chat room. I don't know how, like, Yeah, I can't do basic computer stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one doesn't ask much it's once you get the zoom room. You just plug it in. So basically, everything you know right now is pretty much all you're going to need to know
Danielle Roha: About Us through a lot of pictures of people
Dawn Abriel: Guys.
Danielle Roha: Yeah, you guys got like a fourth of the just do this as a job tomorrow, March, he
Danielle Roha: Thinks
Gwenevere Abriel: That's because speaker view. If you go to the right and change it if you want to. If you're on a phone, you can kind of wake it up and at least on my computer. Anyway, there's a choice of gallery view or speaker view will stop jumping around.
Danielle Roha: At marks, though.
And
Danielle Roha: And
Dawn Abriel: Is a care coordinator
Dawn Abriel: He's not actually on with us.
Dawn Abriel: He probably
Dawn Abriel: He helped you get in here.
Danielle Roha: I thought you're gonna
Danielle Roha: Do the cost cutting
Dawn Abriel: Edge ed is in charge of all the care coordinators.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so he was probably helping this guy help you and that's why yes but yeah if you and if you swipe the screen you can see everyone
Dawn Abriel: And if you get a when a call comes in, it puts you on mute.
Danielle Roha: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last question. What's the name of your, your pretrial release officer.
Danielle Roha: Same as my probation officer Monica.
Dawn Abriel: weiner.
Danielle Roha: Yeah, they should get married, like couple weeks ago.
Dawn Abriel: She did.
Dawn Abriel: On her card, she scratched down to her name and put it in. Yeah, I just
Danielle Roha: All I did was the email was different with different name. I'm like, wait a minute. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I can send that to you going to be here with her phone number. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it was a pleasure to meet you. And I guess we'll be getting that assessment out
Dawn Abriel: Do we, do we want to decide which group, she would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I guess I am thinking that you and I need to talk, but
Danielle Roha: I'm assuming groups. I'm just gonna sit there quietly I'm
Danielle Roha: Not a big group person. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have groups that are at night. Well, do you want to be the provider, Doc.
Dawn Abriel: Either way,
Dawn Abriel: I don't, I think I should be because I have gone up to the court and talk to the
Dawn Abriel: Judge and her probation officer.
Dawn Abriel: Just think. I think it'd be easier for Danielle. If I'm
Dawn Abriel: There's that continuity.
Danielle Roha: Mother and daughter.
Danielle Roha: Yeah, I think.
Danielle Roha: The left name.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do it.
Danielle Roha: Later, what I thought I just saw this one it was. But there was
Danielle Roha: Like, nope, nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have as far as groups. So a typical participation is people will attend group once a week to go to individual once a week for about 30 days depending on
Gwenevere Abriel: What the need is, but you're not participating here under this medication assisted therapy. So I would be really open to changing the frequency and having it meet more of what your clinical need is so if I don't see it needs to be that frequent
Danielle Roha: Enough to do whatever you guys tell me so
Gwenevere Abriel: So in general, would you say 1pm on a Monday. I'm going to just list them and you go, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, no, see which one kind of jives better with you 1pm on a Monday 7am on a Tuesday 11am on a Thursday.
Danielle Roha: 1pm on a Monday 1pm on a Monday. I'm definitely not a morning person.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are up with your little one. So what ends up happening when you get up with them.
Danielle Roha: I'm Beth brush teeth breakfast.
Danielle Roha: at lunchtime. Like I said he stays up all night when he sleeps, the sun comes up. So what about noon. I'm okay let's come home from school 123 or three well gets here for
Danielle Roha: Middle School and elementary school. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might be able to create time and either 12 or one o'clock, but I won't be meeting later my help these other obligations that happened, the latter part of the day.
Danielle Roha: So the first one was the work we have our morning tea and Danny said he's watching TV, so that'll work. There were some privacy of the session
Gwenevere Abriel: As some closer, closer to one o'clock might be a good time.
Danielle Roha: All right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You have been barrage with all these questions.
Dawn Abriel: And we're not done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: You go
Gwenevere Abriel: See what we'll do is when I see her on on Monday we'll just take it from there. I'll give. I'm not going to bombard her with all this other stuff. So why don't we just okay
Dawn Abriel: Good. Okay. Thanks for being here.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, Daniel. Pleasure to meet you and I'll see you on Monday.
Danielle Roha: You too. Thanks.
Dawn Abriel: Alright. Fortunately, I was able to do many of her questions I put in also. So it should shorten this
Dawn Abriel: Some. Let me just ask you, have you had any surgeries. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me what kind of surgeries.
Danielle Roha: Lengthy sections of the breast augmentation.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: three sections.
Danielle Roha: Yes to emergency
Dawn Abriel: The last to
Danielle Roha: The first unless the
Danielle Roha: tampon baby so
Dawn Abriel: Oh,
Danielle Roha: Labor then finally decided to a few selections.
Golly,
Dawn Abriel: And I
Danielle Roha: Don't know to be to start with not want to come out.
Dawn Abriel: Wow. No wonder he got so big.
Dawn Abriel: What year was the breast augmentation.
Danielle Roha: Of 2014
Dawn Abriel: And did you get the gummy bears are the sailing the water
Danielle Roha: Got the gummy bears the bears. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: What a weird name may
Danielle Roha: Feel like I'm embarrassed, though, and the kind of look like to win. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: So you had your tonsils. You have your appendix, you have your gallbladder. Yep. Okey doke and no other surgeries.
Danielle Roha: Is your name so
Dawn Abriel: It sounds like it.
Danielle Roha: Is and spicy food. It's Mexico.
Dawn Abriel: That's right. How can you live without it. Is your mother alive.
Danielle Roha: So I think so.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: She is an addict.
Yep.
Dawn Abriel: And what's your drug of choice.
Danielle Roha: That we've met. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Does she have other health problems that you know
Danielle Roha: I have. I haven't spoken to her and going on 10 years. I don't know. Okay, and
Dawn Abriel: Is your father alive as far as, you know,
Danielle Roha: Yes, and
Dawn Abriel: Is he also an addict.
Danielle Roha: He's an alcoholic alcoholic.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have brothers and sisters
Danielle Roha: I have two brothers and a sister. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: How your sister alive and in good health.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And she also an addict. No.
Dawn Abriel: You wouldn't believe how many nurses, we have in the program who are addicts.
Danielle Roha: Yes, I know.
Dawn Abriel: Anyway, first, brother. Is he alive and in good health. My
Danielle Roha: oldest brother. Yes, he's alive. I don't know about his help. He's also a meth addict.
Dawn Abriel: And the last brother.
Danielle Roha: Could help he's left
Danielle Roha: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So we got that part done
Danielle Roha: Also a nurse. Now you're making me suspicious.
But
Danielle Roha: My brother is also a nurse. So now you're making me suspicious.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Well, they're just around it, you know, and it's a high stress job and if people, especially people who come from families with addiction when they get stressed. They haven't learned how to manage the stress. They want to numb out. It's just how it is.
Danielle Roha: One of the tend to bring a lot of stuff home in their pockets like about no because they were they were for the trauma center so proud and stuff. And like
Danielle Roha: You're like, Oh geez.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, they stick it in there on their way to the room, I'm an emergency doctor by training.
Dawn Abriel: So I know that really well.
Dawn Abriel: So I listened to some of what going if you're asked you, but I need to ask you some others about. Have you ever used IV drugs.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay. And do you eat healthy meals, more than three fast foods in a week.
Danielle Roha: Kind of for fast food.
Dawn Abriel: And you get regular exercise.
Danielle Roha: Oh no, I'm lazy and I don't eat vegetables.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: So I assume you don't take an aspirin every day.
Dawn Abriel: I do have a household smoke detector in your home. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you keep any guns in your home.
Danielle Roha: No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear your seatbelt.
Danielle Roha: Yes, I don't drive
Dawn Abriel: You are a good girl.
Dawn Abriel: Well, when you do drive
Danielle Roha: Are you
Dawn Abriel: Are you sexually active. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you were born female and you identify as female
Dawn Abriel: Yes, you were born and raised where I know. Isn't that weird
Danielle Roha: I love
Dawn Abriel: Asking that about two years ago.
Dawn Abriel: I try to, I try to see it now. Like, like it's no big deal.
Danielle Roha: Did the plate.
Danielle Roha: I thought I identify as a plate.
Dawn Abriel: As a plate. Okay, I'll put that in there.
Dawn Abriel: It's not in one of my boxes. So I'm going
Danielle Roha: To have to add it
Danielle Roha: To the basis of child. I'm just gonna get
Dawn Abriel: Dear you were born and raised in Los Lunas
Danielle Roha: Berlin was born.
Very simple little okay
Yeah, born
And raised
Dawn Abriel: didn't move too far away and I put your children's ages and how far did you go in school, you got some college
Danielle Roha: Yeah, I got some college
Danielle Roha: About five years of college was professional student there for a while. I couldn't pick a major
Danielle Roha: Mostly by also interesting it mostly biology. I didn't know what I wanted to go with. So I just kept switching
Danielle Roha: Routers yeah
Dawn Abriel: And you're kind of employment, you said was housekeeping. Have you done much of anything else.
Danielle Roha: Just other job people that's horrible to the waitress for most of my life. Okay.
You've ever used methamphetamine.
Danielle Roha: Use it for about a week when I was like 16 okay
Dawn Abriel: And cocaine.
Danielle Roha: Cocaine twice. All right.
Dawn Abriel: And what do you like to do for fun.
Danielle Roha: Watch TV read okay travel
Dawn Abriel: You like to travel. Yeah.
Danielle Roha: My brother. He buys trips occasionally so
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh.
Danielle Roha: He sent me and my son to Europe for a month or two years ago.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you sit there
Danielle Roha: That was awesome.
Dawn Abriel: For a whole month. That's great.
Dawn Abriel: And with whom do you live right now.
Danielle Roha: That's me and my three children. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have a religious preference.
Atheist
Danielle Roha: Me to
Dawn Abriel: No religion.
Danielle Roha: No very chocolate. Oh, interesting. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I grew up being a Catholic in the winter, a Southern Baptist in the summer.
Dawn Abriel: With an early wooing mother who
Dawn Abriel: Did astrology and numerology and
Danielle Roha: Also, you have a girl was a confirmed Irish Catholic, but then she went to work when she got older.
Dawn Abriel: See, see that's confusing.
Dawn Abriel: No wonder we're atheists.
Danielle Roha: Called eclectic get more knowledge about everything. So you know about to believe in the crowd.
Dawn Abriel: Well, you're like more generous than I am.
Dawn Abriel: OK. And let's do the OB history. How old were you when you first started having periods.
Dawn Abriel: To no no
Dawn Abriel: That's too young and you started developing early
Danielle Roha: Oh no apparent came first, before the books.
Dawn Abriel: Well, at least that's something I just feel really sorry for young girls who
Danielle Roha: Just
Dawn Abriel: To be bombarded by the changes in the attention you know I
Danielle Roha: Don't know what it was like to walk to the library to figure it out. I was like okay I thought would be in trouble.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you got the same education. I got no
Danielle Roha: No, no, no. Just don't do it, don't do that.
Dawn Abriel: I thought I had hemorrhoids, because I had heard an uncle talk about having blood down there.
Dawn Abriel: So I thought I had a hemorrhoid
Dawn Abriel: I didn't, I didn't know what that
Danielle Roha: Was but oh no no
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so you've had how many pregnancies.
Danielle Roha: 11
Dawn Abriel: And you have three live births.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Then ok so now another really long list just stop me if any of them apply to you.
Dawn Abriel: Have a fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking the library.
Danielle Roha: Open tolerance for too.
Dawn Abriel: Cold intolerance. What do you think that's from
Danielle Roha: I think my thyroid medication needs to be up
Dawn Abriel: I do to what was the last time you had it tested.
Danielle Roha: Um, it was so yeah
Dawn Abriel: It's going to really tire you out.
Dawn Abriel: If you're having cold intolerance. Yeah. Go. Go get it tested.
Dawn Abriel: Red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision change in vision, difficulty breathing. Oh, hearing, hearing loss ear drainage ringing in your ears bloody nose chronic congestion. So lips or mouse or tongue.
Dawn Abriel: lumps in your neck stiffness. Or pain in the neck can't catch your breath, cough, shortness of breath. I'm going to say
Danielle Roha: That
It was off.
Dawn Abriel: And chest pain, palpitations can't read line down swelling in your ankles varicose veins.
Dawn Abriel: diarrhea, constipation, vomiting, rectal pain, abdominal pain blooding your urine paying for urination peeing a lot team to little
Dawn Abriel: Change in hair nail or skin texture dry, itchy new moles also pain back pain tender points muscle cramps lamp.
Dawn Abriel: headaches, dizziness, lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination difficulty speaking changing mood depression sadness interfering with function anxiety.
Dawn Abriel: Do you do you
Dawn Abriel: Will need
To
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I put positive there. Do you have any sleep disturbance
Danielle Roha: I'm
Danielle Roha: Don't sleep very well. I don't know.
Danielle Roha: How do you wake up every couple hours, but actually dry often
Danielle Roha: In the back to sleep.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, yeah, you really need to go get your thyroid tested.
Danielle Roha: It doesn't even want to find have had their check to me for polycythemia and lupus slip to wait until I said like, I have an attack like shortness of breath and stuff. So at that point, so
Danielle Roha: Re reading until we can get that sound.
Dawn Abriel: And the last one is easy bruising.
Danielle Roha: Yeah, Bruce Lee.
Dawn Abriel: I'm like, if you brush your teeth. Do your gums bleed. Yes.
Danielle Roha: Very awful to
Dawn Abriel: Any allergies to medicine.
Clinton myosin.
Dawn Abriel: Lindo what happens when you have the myosin.
Danielle Roha: I get a rash, it can all he
Alright.
That's it.
That's enough button.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Do you know how to get your pulse.
Danielle Roha: Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Get it for me and tell me when you've got it now. I'll tell you when to start counting
Danielle Roha: Oh no pulses around 120
Danielle Roha: Okay.
Count
Dawn Abriel: Stop.
Danielle Roha: 11
Dawn Abriel: And what was your last blood pressure. Do you know
Danielle Roha: Typical pressure anymore.
Dawn Abriel: And you said your five to which is a perfectly wonderful height.
Danielle Roha: He can't reach much
Now,
Dawn Abriel: Tall friends around
The house.
Dawn Abriel: What's your current weight.
Danielle Roha: Oh 147
Dawn Abriel: You ready now. We're going to do a little physical exam. So the first thing I want you to do is get really close and pull your eyelid down so I can see under your eyelid.
Danielle Roha: Here guys caught
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Okay. Relax pulled back. Will your eyes, all the way to the right.
Last
Dawn Abriel: Up.
Dawn Abriel: And down. Breathe out of either side of your nose.
Dawn Abriel: I can't hear it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, open your mouth really wide Stick your tongue out at me.
Dawn Abriel: With your tongue, side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Great. And close your mouth no job pain and you're in your teeth fit normally
Danielle Roha: I'm my teeth.
Dawn Abriel: It's kind of hard to hear your answer.
Danielle Roha: Yeah, and I have a weird bite. So, okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'll note that, let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect and. Take a big deep breath through your mouth.
Danielle Roha: All right.
Dawn Abriel: Let me see you put your chin to your shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: And
Your shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: Wow, look how far you can get I'm jealous, all the way back all the way forward.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and take the phone down and let me see you push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left.
Danielle Roha: Push on it.
Dawn Abriel: Let us tell me there's no pain. There's no lumps or bumps or
Dawn Abriel: Okay, good. Okay, even, even in your gallbladder on the upper right.
Danielle Roha: No good when you push the most just want to eat greasy.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And bring the camera down and let me see your ankles. Make sure there's no swelling in your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: Gotcha. Great. Okay and drop the camera prop your phone up and I want to see you pull against your fingers like this.
Danielle Roha: I have the chance
Danielle Roha: To pull it
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, just pull against each other like that. That's good. No pain when you do that. No. All right, so
Dawn Abriel: Let's we already know what group you're going to go into. And I'm going to send you an email that has gone to viewers email number on it. Also, did you
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I don't see any reason to put you on medicine.
Dawn Abriel: For not drinking since not drinking is not a big issue for you. Yeah.
Danielle Roha: He was a fan of meditation thing.
Danielle Roha: Yeah, no medication whatsoever.
Dawn Abriel: I don't think you need that needed. I think this is
Dawn Abriel: This is going to be fairly brief and pretty simple.
Dawn Abriel: I think you'll
Dawn Abriel: It just so happens that I've been putting together a program for. There are a lot of people who are opioid use users who want to quit smoking. So my whole emphasis of the last month has been about smoking cessation, so you'll hear me pushing that because they want to quit. So
Danielle Roha: Like you said,
Danielle Roha: Basically a tobacco lobbyists.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, like you said it, you really have to want it to.
Dawn Abriel: To quit and my job isn't to scare you and tell you ugly stories because I'm sure you've heard them and when you're motivated, you know, you'll
Dawn Abriel: You'll do it when you're ready, but you will have the information you need for when you're ready, you'll you'll watch these people struggling and and succeeding and and getting it done so.
Dawn Abriel: You don't have to do the urine drug screen. So that's a blessing and
Dawn Abriel: You do have to go back to zoom to the virtual clinic and you have to do one more survey. It's called the ACE AC.
Dawn Abriel: It's called the adverse childhood events. It just gives us a good feel for what your early childhood traumas were the 10 questions one time. You just check it off and you're done.
Dawn Abriel: In when you're in group, it has to be just like this. Good lighting there can't be anyone walking around, because if anyone looks on your screen and see someone they know it would be just a huge violation of privacy right so
Danielle Roha: I don't know if I'll be able to find a babysitter. Every time though that's the one issue well
Dawn Abriel: To have a child, you know, watching TV nearby. I mean, as long as we don't have to hear the TV. That's fine.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: It just can't be anyone like watching your phone.
Dawn Abriel: They do ask that if you've got any kind of earbuds
Dawn Abriel: If you could borrow some that way. No one else is hearing what other people are saying coming through your phone.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: So I'm not going to order you any medicine so you don't have to know that I do eat prescriptions. So really all you need to do is show up Monday at one
Dawn Abriel: And get your appointment with Guinevere so she's the main person in charge of what the curriculum will look like for you and communicating with the probation officer and
Judge Allen.
Danielle Roha: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any questions.
Danielle Roha: My court order to quit smoking.
Danielle Roha: Prevention and no one's been real clarify have to quit smoking here. If I have to take the decision therapy. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I'm not clear, either on. So let me get ahold of Monica and I'll see. Okay.
Danielle Roha: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Well, I, I'm glad we finally got to connect. I'm I hope it wasn't as awful as you thought it would be. And
Dawn Abriel: Have a good weekend.
Danielle Roha: You too.
Danielle Roha: Bye Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: All right. Alright so i think i think i've done if you'll fill in the bubbles as usual.
pretty much done.
My part
Yeah, we're not going to do monthly or forgot to tell her about the Bam Done.